[Fan Chants]
[Im Nayeon, Yu Jeongyeon, Momo jjang]
[Sana jjang, Park Jihyo, Mina jjang]
[Kim Dahyeon, Son Chaeyeong, Chou Tzuyu]
[One in a million]
[oh my gosh]
[the one and only]
[Twice]
I'm in two minds, in an awkward situation
I just stare and say ba-ba-ba-baby
Every day I only imagine
Without asking, I speak casually and call your name baby
But we don't even know each other
Beautiful no matter what I wear
Just the two of us in the mirror having a
fashion show show
This time, for sure sure,  I'll be the first to talk talk
But its only in my head, always only in my head
Nanananana
I start humming, and before I know it
I feel like crying
I don't feel like myself, this isn't me at all
I love you so much
Think I'm all grown up now
[bang!]
I'm free to make my own choices, but why
Why can't I have it my own way
The more i try to push you away
The more I am drawn and attracted to you baby
I'm like TT
Just like TT
You don't know how I feel
You're so mean, You're so mean
I'm like TT
Just like TT
Tell me that you'd be my baby
You say I'm ridiculous
That I don't live up to my looks
Doesn't cheer me up at all ba-ba-ba-baby
I'm going crazy
In all this mess, why do I feel hungry
I eat all day and I'm still hungry
slap slap slap the innocent doll
I sit and lie down all day, and time flies flies flies
What's with the dull skin again
Keep wanting to just complain
Mum keeps bothering me, why why why why why
Nanananana
I start humming, and before I know it
I feel so irritated I'm so upset
I'm normally not like this
I love you so much
Think I'm all grown up now
[Bang!]
I'm free to make my own choices, but why
Why can't I have it my way
The more I try to push away
The more I'm drawn and attracted to you baby
I'm like TT
Just like TT
You don't know how I feel
You're so mean, you're so mean
I'm like TT
Just like TT
Tell me that you'd be my baby
Do you realise what's going on inside of me
Don't disappear from my view like this
This time, for sure sure, I'll be the first to talk talk
But it's only in my head, always only in my head
Think I'm all grown up now
I'm free to make my own choices, but why
Why can't I have it my way
The more I try to push away
The more I'm drawn and attracted to you baby
I'm like TT
Just like TT
You don't know how I feel
You're so mean, you're so mean
/You're so mean baby/    I'm like TT
Just like TT
Tell me that you'd be my baby